---
ID: 122
post_title: ""
author: JC
post_excerpt: >
  Beth lost her sister, in grief she calls
  her back to visit.
layout: post
permalink: http://monkshood.gazerbeam.com/122-2
published: true
post_date: 2018-09-18 11:35:07
---
<p><span style="font-weight: 400">The clear Halloween night sky helped the full moon paint a silver doorway onto the wall of Beth’s room, things finally felt in place. She had laid there for hours, patiently watching this calming window of light slowly move down from the wall and over onto the bed. She’s been waiting, willing this visit, in her thoughts continually to the point that she feels in contact. The luminous block slowly inched across the bed and crept over her body, framing her in moonlight. The temperature dropped, static fizzed across her skin sending hairs on end, the presence is here. Beth started this, constantly calling back in sorrow, unable to let go.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Her twin, Alice, was taken that summer, while on vacation up in the forest. They would both wake very early and sneak off down to the lake to swim. They loved the mists that formed on the surface at dawn, enveloped by this cool fog, cut off from the world, feeling like two magical ghosts. They would fool around swimming in circles, mimicking and mirroring each other. Until eventually tiring and finding themselves floating, contemplating the shore and their isolation. Beth commented on the beautiful silence, but received no answer, she turned and saw nothing but calm water. Alice was gone. She dived deep in panic, searching with bursting lungs for what seemed like hours. She couldn’t continue her arms and lungs failed her, those deep knotted black weeds clung to her twin and kept her down.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">The bitter blend of guilt and grief devastated her. Not a day has passed since, that her sister isn’t in her thoughts, no amount of counselling can soothe it. It built up like layers of mould on her mind until twelve nights ago, when the presence first came to her. It came each following night, she told no one, not even her counsellor Christine. Each time she felt the connection grow stronger and deeper. When she is with her, she is not under her ghostly spell, nor is Alice under her command, she’s not lost to this world, neither is she weakened in any way. It’s only at these moments that Beth feels any respite, fearful of another separation she clings tightly throughout the night. The following mornings at the precise time she was taken at the lake, they are again pulled apart by the dark grasping fingers from the lake. She wakes isolated and still, waiting for the presence return again.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">This night, Halloween, it feels different for her, the most powerful presence so far, the silver frame of moonlight around her, all told her that tonight Alice will come back to her. She inhaled the safe familiar spirit deeply, her airways closed and she stopped breathing. Somehow knowing not to fight it, she embraced it, surrendering herself over. Her thoughts become entwined with the presence, they swirl around in on themselves and she’s reminded of swimming together in that deep green lake, shrouded in their favoured cool mist. Her body lifted from the bed, rising gently, she felt no up or down, only her nightdress showed the pull of gravity.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">She was held there stationary for a moment unable to move her limbs, composed she stared at the ceiling and listened, hearing only the faint sound of running water. She felt the pull on her body and drifted gently to the door and out. The sound of water growing ever louder and joined now by her sister’s voice calling her. The temperature was even cooler in the bathroom, the increasing sound of water rushing from the bath taps filled her ears, drowning every other thought. Then silence, the taps are off. A pull at her nightgown turned her over, now face down over the bathtub she saw herself mirrored in the water. She was pulled towards her reflected sister until face to face, her eyes closed, peaceful under the water. Beth’s wide eyes stared with wonder and elation, joyful tears welled up on her lashes and then fell away from her face to break the still water.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400">Suddenly the sleeping twin’s eyes opened to reveal pure black holes, her face pulled itself into a grotesque smile showing shining black teeth. The grotesque mouth opened as if to speak, but snaking dark lake weed unfurled from the repulsive mouth. They rose to the surface and further twisted ribbons of blackness crawled out from her eyes and nose. They seemed to have a life of their own spiralling and meandering around the surface and in on themselves like a knot of snakes. Beth felt sick to the pit of her stomach, this was no longer her sister, she tried to break from the hold but her limbs were paralysed. The first tips of black lifted from the water inches from her face, she strained her neck back with such pressure she thought she would pass out. Reaching and searching, they came twisting up, homing in for her mouth and eyes. Beth clamped them shut tight, but felt them probing against her lids and lips, working their way in. The bitter taste of the lake in her mouth again.</span></p>