---
ID: 259
post_title: MIASMA
author: Nhyde
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: http://monkshood.gazerbeam.com/miasma
published: true
post_date: 2018-10-07 17:49:09
---
<p style="text-align: center;"></p>
His long fingers curled as they lifted the candy from the bowl. Dribbling the bonbons, and sweet treats through his boney grasp. dropping them back into the bowl, just to pick them up again.

"Ungrateful," he mumbled to himself. Waiting for the kids. Watching for the happy, young, ungrateful kids. "Horrible hellions," he said to himself once again. His fleeting mind not letting him filter between what he was thinking, and saying. Letting his mouth run aloud.

Dementia and internal medical disarray. rotting him away, even now as he sat on his porch. fumbling with his candy. waiting for the ungrateful, horrible hellions to climb his porch steps, holding out their pillowcases in expectant glee.

All hallows eve. A time that had always felt sour in the man’s mind. The time of year when kids roamed free at night. Thousands of unknown faces, defacing all that was around them. A time of chaos and disorder. A time that the old man had set out to correct.

"Sure, take the candy… take one… two… take the whole bowl. Stuff your faces." Talking to the empty garden, that laid before his house. Running through his perfect scenario again and again brought a smile to his face.

The handfuls of candies he tussled with were crudely wrapped. Misshapen, marble sized balls. wrapped in loud plastic. The tie off at both sides, was only enough to hold the balls in place. if it wasn't for the stickiness of the lolly itself, the wrapping would have slipped off long ago.

Handmade, hard-boiled candies. Originally intended to be smooth in their shape. He imagined them being perfectly circular, but with his limited skills and bad frame of mind, they more resembled the rainbow gems, found at the bottom of a fish tank.

The recipe itself was easy enough for him to follow. Two cups’ worth of sugar. Three quarters cups of water. Food coloring, cream of tartar. and an even, steady pour of clear, odorless, high strength rat poison.

"Poison 'm all" he mumbled. Watching the auburn trees brushing against the decorations that littered the street. Plastic pumpkins and latex bats, hung high on comical spider webs.

The sunken eyes jumped from side to side. a Wimbledon like spectator of his own sport. watching either side of his fences edges, waiting for the small shoes and crumpled bags, heavy with teeth-rotting treats to come from both sides.

"Never respectin’ 'nything. Little devils, all they do is wreck. They'd murder their own parents if they had the chance."

Letting his mind wander into much darker matters.

The fragile world inside his mind, could only think of all the ways he could rid the earth from his lawn chair. Watching the small children choke behind their masks. Foaming out of the breathing slits in the cheap Chinese plastic.

He couldn't tame his ears from perking up, as a pleasant chill ran down his spine. A tingling sensation of achievement. thinking of all the good that could come from his purge. He knew that he did not have much longer on earth. This would be his last hurrah. Before his mind was gone forever.

But still no children had yet to come.

His eyes had started to slow their pace. Sitting for so long, that he had started to fade out. Bored with his dull view, he had almost forgotten why he was out here.

Tussling small candies and kicking his feet against the rotted wooden planks that lined his front porch.

"They'll come. They'll come."

The sun had started to set, turning the sky an auburn haze. Camouflaging the skyline with the trees just beyond his suburban house.

The sounds of doors opening down the street pricked at his ears. Sounds of adults and children alike. Hearty laughter and the echoes of hidden menaces abounded from both sides. the old man to tensed up in his seat. Setting himself like a spring. Holding himself like a predator in stalking. Waiting.

"It's fine. Got plenty o' time" looking around for any sign of humanity, and only finding the spooky ornaments flowing in the wind.

With the heavy orange saturation that covered his periphery, a strange colour caught his eye. An unnatural colour. Vibrant reds and greens and blues. Just on the side of his vision. colors’ that dazzled in his senses. Contrasting with the deep sickening orange around. Even the colour’s seemed sweet. Nice calming colour’s.

His mouth watered and his taste-buds dazzled when he saw them, all the colours that covered his fading eyes. Like stone gems. He stared longingly into the dazzling hues. His grey matter fading out again, he was trailing focus on the world around him once again. Dementia taking its tight grip on his cerebral freedom once more. losing sight of his goals for the night, the world around him going dark and the only light was coming from the mysterious colours that became his focus.

They were just within his reach as he reached out to one of the shapes.

The sensitive krinkling noise brought back fleeting memories. A warm feeling of a reminder of a past more pleasant thought. An idea stuck in the recesses of his brain. Eating away at his consciousness, something to do with the colours, the shape of the colours. As his sights on the world around him reminded him of his spot on the earth he thought maybe it was for the night itself.

He thought. and he wondered. as he stared down his cold, stone pathway. the familiar edges of his fences on either side of his house. Hearing the distant voices of the descending family’s, it started to bring back a foggy memory.

As the sweet treat rolled from one side of his mouth to the other, cracking under the pressure from his well-worn dentures.

He thought to himself again. Rolling his mind on what he was supposed to remember. "horrible hellions.”

###

<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1owIWk7ImHoeeBtUOuDd4CFiREByCnKB7IniOKzkrbx0/edit?usp=sharing">Edit</a>